## Terraform Cont..
### How an EC2 instance is controlled?
- Basically we are trying to create an EC2 instance, but we are not concentrating on how an EC2 insance is controlled.
- When ever you are use your EC2 Instance, there is information that how your EC2 instance is being used?
- Are you allowing your EC2 instance to use inside of your organization or outside of your organization (Internet Expose)
- These are controlled with the help of one Service in AWS called **VPC**
- VPC is nothing but **Virtual Private Cloud** which is dedicated to Network information
- This VPC will have many dependencies
    - **Subnet** - This will contain the IP Addresses in your VPC
    - **Routing Tables** - Route Table will contain a set of Rules is nothing but *Routes* that are used to determing where network traffic is directed.
    - **Internet Gateway** - This is used when you want to enable your system to communicate outside of organization. Which will enables commmunition between resources in your VPC & the internet.
    - **VPC Endpoints** - VPC Endpoint enables you to privately connect your VPC to supported AWS Services and it will have a *Private Link* without requiring an *Internet Gateway*, *NAT Device*, *VPN connection*.
- We have one more requirement that we want to use our VPC in different ways
    1. With in the same AWS Account
        - With in the same Region
        - In Different Region
    2. With Different AWS Account
        - With in the same Region
        - In Different Region
[!Privew](./images/tf33.png)
- This conecpt we call it as **VPC Peering**
- VPC peering is a networking connection that allows you to connect one VPC with another VPC through a direct network route using *private IP Address*
- Instances with this vpc peering it will behave as if they were on the same *Private Network*
### What things we can do with VPC?
- When ever you are trying to Launch and Instance you can choose subnet range and you can choose your own **subnet addressing (IP Addresses Ranges)**
- You can assign custom IP address ranges in each subnet.
- You can configure your own route tables between those subnets
- You can create an Internet Gateway and can attach it to your VPC
- With all the above configurations you can provide Better Security to your AWS resources.

### Manual Steps to create VPC 
- Refer below image for creating VPC in AWS
[!Privew](./images/tf34.png)


    