### Terraform Cont...
- Basically when ever you want to run your application your need to have some depedency softwares need to be installed and configured in your EC2 inistance.
- When you are having multiple environments and projects which are similar to each other.
- In that case we have to spin up and EC2 instance and install the necessary softwares every time in all the machines and in all the environments.
- Instead of doing the repeated work, we have an option called taking snapshot of the EC2 machine where we have already installed all necessary softwares.
- We will be creating an AMI out of the base AMI.
- To create this we have some tools called
    - Packer
    - Chef
    - Puppet
- But, as of terraform perspective we have to install softwares at the run-time means when EC2 instance is provisioning.
- At the bootstrap process we will try to install our softwares.
- We can install our softwares by using the below methods
    1. Powershell Modules
    2. Python Script
    3. Shell Script
- We have a concept in our terraform called **provisioner**
- [Look Here](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/provisioners/syntax) for official Documentaion of Provisioners
- To install softwares by using provisioners in terraform you have to login into EC2 instance and execute your scripts.
- We have two concpets for executing the above process.
    1. local-exec
    2. remote-exec

### Syntax of Provisioners
- The first step is to specify your installation scripts
- The Second step is create connection to the EC2 Instance
- The Third step is to execute your installtion scripts

**First Step**
- To install nginx below is the code
```
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install nginx
```
- How to specify this script in provisioners
```
 provisioner "file" {
    source = "<source-file-path>"
    destination = "<destination-file-path>"
  
  }

  provisioner "file" {
    source = "./install-nginx.sh"
    destination = "/tmp/installnginx.sh"
  
  }
```

**Second Step - Connection To EC2 Instance**
- To install softwares on your EC2 instance we will be connecting to the machine
- To connect to EC2 instance we can use SSH Connectivity
- But, here instead of using existing key pair we will be creating our own keypair with existing Public_key & Private_key of SSH
- We will use this key pair details for connectivity
```
  connection {
    host = "<public_ip>"
    type = "<type-of-connection"
    user = "<user_name>"
    private_key = "path-to-private-key"
  }

  connection {
    host = "192.168.12.7"
    type = "ssh"
    user = "ubuntu"
    private_key = "./ssh/id_rsa"
  }
```

**Third Step - Installing Softwares/Executing your Scripts**
- Now after connecting we will be using our scritp files or directely install softwares.
```
  provisioner "remote-exec" {
    script = "<path-of-script>" 
    inline = [
      "<script>",
      "<script>"
    ]
  
  }

  provisioner "remote-exec" {
    script = "/tmp/installnginx.sh"
    inline = [
      "sudo apt-get update",
      "sudo apt-get install nginx"
    ]
  
  }
```