### Scenario Before acquiring Terraform.
- When you are developing any application, our agenda is to make our application easily accessible by any one from any where.
- For that what we are going to do is, we will be deploying our application in some servers which may vary according to the requirement.
- Servers or of 2 types
    1. On Premises Servers
    2. Cloud Based Servers
- With respective of **Application Stability** and continuous response to the users with out any delay we are supposed to divide our application into different modules.
- Each module will be deploied by creating containters in servers.
- For every application we need to create or maintain **min to min 4-5 Servers.**
- If you are having 10 application so we will be creating 50 servers.
- To create a server min it will take 5-7Min. Which will be combining of 50Servers it will take **350 Min** == **50Hours.**
- Practically it is not possible to do everything manually.
- To overcome these hurdles we will be moving to the **Automation Concept** call it as **IaC (Infrastructure As A Code)**

### What is IaC?
- IaC is nothing but, Infrastructure As A Code which is a piece of code which will act as a replication of all your manual steps.
- The code which you are going to write will represent **your Action in creating/deploying/managing your servers.**
- Sample scenarios on daily basis what we do
    1. Creation of Servers
    2. Taking care of Vulnerabilities
    3. Patching
    4. Deploying Application
    5. Managing Application
- This IaC will also call it as **Infra Provisioning or Configuration management** tool.
- As part of this we will be using **TERRAFORM** as **Infra Provisioning or Configuration management** tool.

### What is Terraform & uses?
- **TERRAFORM** is an **Infra Provisioning or Configuration management** tool which we will be using to create scripts to automate your actions.
- Terrafom will support almost with all the major providers.
- Providers are nothing but the organization who are providing a space for our application simply we can say servers.
- Terrafom can be used for both options
    1. On-premisis Servers,
    2. Cloud based Servers.
        - AWS (Amazon Web Services)
        - Microsoft Azure
        - GCP (Google Cloud Platform)
- We have one thing call it as **Resources** are nothing but the services which are provided by our providers.
- Examples of Resources which indirectly we call it as services.
    1. EC2 Machine
    2. S3 Bucket
    3. IAM
    4. VPC
    5. Secutiry Groups etc....

- [Providers](https://registry.terraform.io/browse/providers) Documentation
- [Resources](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/instance) documentaion
- Example of providers
```
provider "aws" {
  region = "us-west-2"
}

terraform {
  required_providers {
    azurerm = {
      source  = "hashicorp/azurerm"
      version = "=3.0.0"
    }
  }
}

provider "google" {
  project     = "my-project-id"
  region      = "us-central1"
}

```

- Example of resources
```
resource "google_project" "my_project" {
  name       = "My Project"
  project_id = "your-project-id"
  org_id     = "1234567"
}



resource "aws_ami_copy" "ubuntu_encrypted_ami" {
  name              = "ubuntu-encrypted-ami"
  description       = "An encrypted root ami based off ${data.aws_ami.ubuntu.id}"
  source_ami_id     = data.aws_ami.ubuntu.id
  source_ami_region = "eu-west-2"
  encrypted         = true

  tags = { Name = "ubuntu-encrypted-ami" }
}


# Create a resource group
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "example" {
  name     = "example-resources"
  location = "West Europe"
}
```

### How to install Terraform in windows
- 1st You have to install **Chacolatey**
```
choco install terraform
```

### How to install Terraform in Linux
```
sudo apt install terraform
```

- To check the version of terrafom in your system try the following command
```
terraform --version
```
- Output
```
$ terraform --version
Terraform v1.3.2
on windows_amd64

Your version of Terraform is out of date! The latest version
is 1.5.6. You can update by downloading from https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html
```




